real tease fishing calm today I'm going
to teach you how to add two trailer
hooks to your jigs basically this is
going to be a bottom fishing rig
to catch grouper mutton snapper any fish
running on the bottom you're gonna be
able to catch him like this basically
we're gonna add two hooks and then that
way we can put a value on it and send it
down to the bottom so that's this one
typically when you buy a jig they're
going to come just like this single hook
so what are you going to need you're
going to need two hooks and the first
thing you're going to do is you're going
to find a hook that matches the exact
same size so basically you're going to
put them side-by-side and you're going
to make sure that the hook is the exact
same size that's very important when
doing this rig next we're going to take
pliers if you have a pair of both liars
that's perfect because you have the
cutting edge and then this side the
clamp down if you don't have it just
take a pair of regular pliers and then
some the clamp down behind basically
we're just going to go ahead open the
eye now let's open I'm going to show you
a little closer look so basically what
you're going to do is you're going to
open the eye of the hook repair pliers
I'm going to run the plant right down
the crease basically that'll open it
like that
then what your going to do is you're
going to get your second hook write it
just like that
and then come back with a pair and then
just cinch it down so that the hooks can
come on
not too tight you can see that the hook
moves reading and that's very important
so what we're going to do here is we're
going to get going to put this and just
like that go back with a pair of pliers
and it's a little difficult trying to
film it and do this but basically just
going to go ahead and close that back up
you see that it is closed cannot go back
through that what you have
is a three rake jig so now what we're
going to do is you're going to put the
nose of the ballyhoo through that tip
and continue on feeding the back loop
until you as a whole body who on your
rig